Create DistributionBasePlugin (#32131)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/reference/core-plugins/distribution_plugin.adoc

[[distribution_plugin]]
= The Distribution Plugin

The Distribution Plugin facilitates building archives that serve as distributions of the project.
Distribution archives typically contain the executable application and other supporting files, such as documentation.

[[sec:distribution_base]]

> == Base Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Base Plugin

```

The distribution plugin is split into the `distribution` and `distribution-base` plugins.

The `distribution-base` plugin adds an extension named `distributions` of type link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.distribution.DistributionContainer.html[DistributionContainer] to the project.

> The `distribution` plugin applies the `distribution-base` plugin and creates a single distribution in the distributions container extension named `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `distribution` plugin applies the `distribution-base` plugin and creates a single distribution in the distributions container extension named `main`.

```

> If your build only produces one distribution you only need to configure this distribution (or use the defaults).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your build produces only one distribution, you only need to configure the distribution or rely on the defaults.
```
